h1. MCMM (MineCraft Mod Manager) manual

MCMM is a small script that uses git to facilitate managing multiple Minecraft versions and their mods on UNIX systems.

h2. Principles

MCMM keeps all mods and versions in single git repo and lets you easily mix them using tags and branches (which you should make yourself).

h2. Example of workflow

code. % mcmm new modloader
% mcmm add ModLoader.zip
% mcmm new 1.6.6
% mcmm add ~/.minecraft/bin/minecraft.jar
% mcmm rm META-INF
% mcmm commit-all
% mcmm new amazingcraft
% mcmm add amazingcraft.zip
% echo ":mixes:\n  mycoolmix\n  - 1.6.6\n  - modloader\n  - amazingcraft" >> ~/.config/mcmm/mcmm.yml
% mcmm remix mycoolmix
% mcmm install mycoolmix

h2. Config

mcmm config is located in ~/.config/mcmm/mcmm.yml.

|_. key |_. description|
| :repo | Path of mcmm git repo. Autocreated. |
| :mixes | Hash of 'mixes', mixes being lists of git references to merge. See commands. |

h2. Commands

h3. mcmm remix <mix_name>

This command remixes requested mix. It checks out first git ref in list as "mix_name" branch, deleting its previous content and then merges in the rest.

Example: @mcmm remix ic2-smp@

h3. mcmm install <git_ref> [path]

This command checks out given git ref and saves it as zip archive in given path or default ~/.minecraft/bin/minecraft.jar

h3. mcmm tag <tagname> <git_ref>

Checks out git_ref and tags it as tagname.

h3. mcmm mix <git_ref> [git_ref ...]

Mixes all arguments into current branch.

h3. mcmm add <path>

Unpacks (or copies contents, if argument is folder) into current branch, adds it and commits it with [non-]descriptive commit message containing <path>.

h3. mcmm new <name>

Creates new totally empty branch, makes an empty commit.

h3. mcmm clear

Removes all untracked files and all tracked files. Doesn't commit.

h4. mcmm commit-all <msg>

Adds all files to git and commits with <msg> as commit message.

h4. mcmm init

Initializes git repo. Should not be normally called.

h4. mcmm co

Checks out git-ref, resets all changes, removes untracked files.

h4. mcmm help

Some kind of help.

h4. mcmm <whatever>

If nothing matches, mcmm tries to crappily execute the rest of command line as git-command in its repo.

h2. WTF IS THIS I DON'T EVEN

If you find a bug, don't hesitate to "report it":http://bitcheese.net/wiki/Voker57/contact to me since I'm too lazy to test this.